There's Mr. Jenkins now, joined Senator Tom on his acute new position.
The right of the chairman is on the left of the chairman, but on the right of the chairman.
Mr. Jenkins from the Chant Council, Mr. Senator Jenkins, for Funk Claire on the left, and Mr. Welch on the right, they are the councilman and the Associate Council for the Army in this inquiry.
Now Mr. Charles Mayner and the Associate Council of Mr. Jenkins interrupts the proceedings for a moment, and now it does look like we will be underway.
Mr. Wittler, you have a duty to run a meeting with the record, he's locked up in my safe and my office.
You're a landlord, I didn't know what it was.
By the time we get through with our preliminary announcements, we'll be ready.
Yes, your ma'am, all in tomorrow.
Yes, that's a great question.
We'll get him.
Chair would like to welcome our guests this pretty Monday morning and tell you that we're happy to have you as our guests to attend the committee hearings, and to remind you of a standing committee rule, which the Chair has repeated many, many times during the year.
That rule is to the effect that there are to be no other room manifestations of approval or disapproval of any time, at any time during the year.
And to enforce the rule and maintain order, the uniformed officers that you see before you and the plain clothes people scattered to the audience, have standing instructions from the committee to remove from the room immediately, politely and firmly.
Anyone who for reasons, just knowing himself might choose to violate the chair, but which you entered the committee rule, namely to refrain from multiple manifestations of approval or disapproval.
Our audiences have been magnificent, your cooperation has been split.
We resume this morning where we left off Friday afternoon, reading into the record the monitored call, so it has become part of the evidence in this country.
And so we will ask Mr. Lucas and his two associates to take the stand and repress hearing the first call, monitor calls, it will be in evidence of those of Senator McCullough.
We soon to the agreement we made with Senator McCullough and Friday afternoon, he had called the way shortly before the meeting ended.
So if whichever of the monitors covered Senator McCullough's call will take the stand at the witness table, Senator McCullough will begin by asking some preliminary questions, and by that time I'm sure the calls themselves will have come down from the office upstairs.
Mr. Williams, please.
Mr. Williams, you are again sworn, you've been kept behind the certain call, telephone call that you monitor.
Yes, sir, regarding this office secretary, do you monitor any calls of the second day of the arm and make the meeting?
Yes, sir, I know. How many?
I want to monitor. I'm going to have a copy of them. How many heavy loads together? Do you have two copies there?
Well, that's why I want to copy it, sir. But by I copy it we can proceed.
We get one in a minute. You only monitor one. Yes, sir. What date was it?
That 20th February, sir. So, that was the 20th? Yes, sir. Is that the first call that was monitored?
Yes, sir. One of the date of the other is that you have there. Mr. Lucas has one of March 1. March 1. What other is the hour? That is all, sir.
Well, I thought it was three hours, sir. I want to make it harder. I think that after you, I think Mr. Williams, you have to get them a benefit.
Yes. But that date, so I can present them in front of all of the pillow.
21th February, Mr. Pike, had that one, sir.
February 21, are you monitoring two?
Hello? What's the new monitor?
I'm Marker, the one on 25th February, sir. Mr. Williams, who monitor the one on March 1?
Mr. Lucas, sir.
Lucas. Yes, sir.
Everyone, they have in this February, I thought.
28th February, you say? Yes, sir, Mrs. Pike.
21th February, you may say, yes, sir.
All right. If you're the range, you're not going to introduce them and testify to them and you found a lot of people out there out.
We shade it. Yours is February 20th.
Yes, sir.
I don't know how to copy the folder, but let's proceed. I don't know how to do that.
On February 20th, what code do you have?
955, the Secretary of the Army of Foreign Center, John McQuarrion.
As a Secretary of the Army, call me.
Yes, sir. All right. What would you say, Secretary of the Army?
I appreciate it if you're paying yesterday afternoon and I will tell you why I call this morning.
When I found out what Senator McCarthy's address was, which I didn't find out until this morning, it happened to be the Ten I Coltell in Albany.
I telephoned him a few minutes ago because I thought it was a fair and proper thing that I should tell him that I had been up on the hill and talked with you and other members of the committee yesterday.
Afternoon and just what I said and of course, Senator McCarthy didn't like that at all and he hopped on me pretty hard.
And I told him I was not going to let General Wicker appear at that public hearing up there on Tuesday morning.
Maybe eventually we will have to produce him, but I was not going to let him go through again what he had gone through before.
Senator McQuarrion, I wonder if he denied that statement.
Secretary of the Army.
You know what statement was referred to?
What statement was referred to?
I presume the statement of General Wicker I do not know sir.
All right, we'll see.
Secretary of the Army.
I have understood John, I don't know whether this would tie in with your information that it has all been sprickin' from the record.
Senator McQuarrion, I can't get a copy until Monday probably. Secretary of the Army.
I think you are going to find that out, but I have a statement on my desk this morning from General Wicker.
I couldn't get a copy of what, so when there's a transcript to the hearing, I presume sir, yes sir.
All right, so see.
Secretary of the Army, I think you are going to find out that out, but I have a statement on my desk this morning from General Wicker.
I think you are going to find out that General Wicker was coming from General Wicker, which covers all those statements.
And as I told you, I think his captain, a medical man, was with him and I can produce him.
Senator McQuarrion, I tell you what we will do.
We will find out the name of the reporter that took that, and I will call him for an accurate transcript of what happened and what was frickened.
Secretary of the Army, I think that is very important.
I don't know the name of the reporter, but I will find out who and I will call on him for an accurate transcript.
Secretary of the Army.
Now the senator has, Nick was, maybe to use the word, abusive, would be a little strong.
He was very rough with me on the telephone and he said, you mean you are going to continue to cover up Communists and not let those, these officers appear?
And I said, you know Joe, I wouldn't cover up a Communist anymore than you would.
I am interested in doing the right kind of job, but I am also interested in preserving the morale of our professional officer corps.
And I feel that is, that is a duty I took under my oath of office.
He asked me if I would accept a subpoena for 10 o'clock Tuesday morning and I said, I will take that under advisement.
He said, are you refusing the subpoena? I said, I am not refusing it. I am not accepting it.
I will take it under advisement, standing on up the phone. He wouldn't go beyond that.
He really batted me pretty hard and said I would learn that you couldn't operate that way or something of that kind.
As it stands now, John, he says that I am subpoena for 10 o'clock Tuesday morning and as I say, I have taken it under advisement.
I want to talk to not only my council but also various members of the committee to see what the best thing to do now is.
Senator McQuarram, I thought you were going to request a current secretary of the Army.
I was in due time. I don't even know what committee it is.
I presume it is the subcommittee, although he didn't pay so.
I am perfectly willing and delighted to appear before the committee, whatever is the appropriate time.
I want to satisfy myself that Tuesday morning is the appropriate time.
Senator McQuarram, I was let it rest for the moment. You don't have the subpoena secretary of the Army. I don't have it now.
Senator McQuarram, if you get one that is all right to get ahead of the thing now, I was announced to the press that I was going to request the opportunity to appear.
Secretary of the Army, I think that is a good suggestion. Senator McQuarram, talk to your attorney about it.
Say you are requesting to appear or the opportunity to appear. Secretary of the Army, I think there is a lot of merit to that.
Senator McQuarram, beat him through the punch. Talk to your council about that.
Just the now that you have definitely requested the opportunity to appear. Secretary of the Army, I think that has got a lot of merit.
Senator McQuarram, just beat him through the punch.
That was on June 1st, February 20th. Yes. Secretary told me he was regarding the prospect of his adhering before the committee.
And it was after he had gone to see me the day before. Yes, Senator. They tell us the conversation they thought is to me.
At the time when he was talking to all the senators going to the committee. Yes, Senator. All right. We got another one. Who's the make? Mrs. Picer.
I'm the firm with beating the ward in the lay out of the table. Mrs. Picer, the personal secretary of the Secretary of the Army.
These are the telephone calls of Senator McQuarram. You have already invited President Spide, haven't you, Ms. Spide? Yes, sir, I have.
You've just died with your spectre, some of them called to few monitors. Yes.
So you have any calls from the secretary of the Army and what you monitor? I do. What is the date of February 21, 1954?
21, 1954. That's right, sir. All right. Will you read it? Whatever it is. Time is 5 p.m. Now, isn't it better if they call the secretary made to me? Yes.
Yes, sir. Yes. Yes. Or, please. Secretary of the Army called Senator Melon saying, wanted to bring you up to date. You saw the public today.
I thought it was time to make a statement and tie it to my name. I am issuing this afternoon a short statement telling the people I have told the victor not to appear and rob.
I go on to say, if the front of the company called upon me to appear before, I will be glad to do so. That's why I have not received any formal notifications, which is a fact.
Only thing I know is that McCarthy and he hung up the phone said, you can consider yourself a human. And before I could ask where he was in New York, he hung up.
So I consider I have no formal notification. I am not speaking or asking to maybe to appear, but if they desire me to appear, I will be only to grab to come fly.
I am waiting to be heard. But I certainly appreciate the way you and I have seen and the last thing I want to do is to muddy the water like volunteering to appear when you gentlemen might have an idea of having this hearing.
At that time he had decided he didn't want to volunteer this year. I had suggested doing this.
It was a few days before you had the one who had the baby before, or I should guess it if you want to get enough.
He wanted to appear, didn't he?
I may have stayed his mind and he says he doesn't want to do this.
I am sorry, I think it's for the poor.
I can consider I have no formal notification.
I am not speaking or asking to be here. If they desire me to appear, I will be only to grab to come fly.
On basis of some stuff in paper, they are not ready to appear that I was asking to be heard.
I am willing to be heard is called. But I certainly appreciate the way you and I have seen and I have seen and the last thing I want to do is to be here.
I am willing to come at any time committee asking me to.
This will make I am not clear to everyone in the paper tomorrow morning that I am not asking to be heard but I am available and willing to come at any time committee asking me to.
Imagine this relief which is getting into the hands of the staff about now will be for some comments from Senator McCarty.
But just what that will be remains to be seen. One point I know can relief is what I say and then you will personally believe about what's not been called and it's called holding from the press statement.
Because it is important for this subject, hearing the open to prayer, since it is a matter of great importance and should be public.
Senator McCarty has you want a public hearing?
Senator McCarty has what did not say to you.
Secretary of the Army answers.
He is very much the staff over the post I gave him from General Vickers and I told him I was telling him not to appear.
I talked to you. Months were highly discussed and anxious to see the records but non-committal.
Senator McCarty has tried to make a position until I see the transcript of something left out there.
I have not to take a position and I see the transcript.
I will go inside and listen. I have an indicator.
Let me make a sense as it is.
I will say that it is really important.
I have to take a position.
I have to take a position until I see the transcript.
I cannot get it until Monday, which is probably true.
Secretary of the Army says I put this statement and I quote.
I have asked Senator McCarty to examine the complete copy of a original plan as it was recorded in the process.
Senator McCarty, did you say without any division, did you put that in?
Secretary of the Army.
I have released it but I will clear that up next time.
Senator McCarty, here again I miss some sir and I have any clear look for the staff.
If it is not in there, I will call the reporter and ask him to read them.
Could the reporter destroy them?
Secretary of the Army said, don't believe a respectable firm could.
I have sworn that this regard to this matter.
I didn't want to give this after this obviously to the press.
Because now I am going to give it to anybody, it's through the committee.
All of that cover says...
That conversation is about the Secretary of the Army.
Calling you, sir, calling him, I know.
Do you ask another one?
I do not.
What's made of that? Somebody says it's from there.
What is that?
Did he call me at home or was that all for?
I don't recall and if I made the note I didn't put it down on my cash register.
All right, but all you know now, but all you monitor.
It's all I get, sir.
I will let you know.
Mr. Lose with you, Benzone, and you've already testified to some other calls that you monitor.
Yes, sir.
You have a call about you, Mona Bird,
and which I call Secretary Steven.
Well, first, what does the state of it?
One month, 1954,
time and day, three or five PM.
Do you have any other?
Did you monitor any other calls?
No, sir.
When I've earned the spam, the food that has defeated,
in which the Secretary called me and this call,
I will let you know about the testify accounts to keep all of the calls.
Either through a formal secretary,
sign me, that's the monitor.
Yes, sir.
All right, go see if you place this call in the record.
Better than the call, I haven't gotten to see you around here lately.
It's not very safe.
I could use a lot of words, but you know what I mean.
Better than the call, I never would've told you guys
when you got off over there in that game without anybody with you.
Of course, they told you,
of course, they told you they wanted to work things out.
That's Jerry Sidney.
That is about it.
Learned in the club.
My remarks are not critical.
We were left out of it.
I just have to take the position if one day we're troubling the world.
That's Jerry Sidney.
I have to put his foundation on.
Of course, we said it in the club.
I am going down space this weekend that I initiated by that.
There's something in that stuff.
I know.
I still watch the sub-bid matter was left out.
I don't have a sound here, sir,
but I made a note on this.
It gets a nothing further than the conversations or faces
in the perfect season.
Monmouth Matter.
Don't you know if you need to know what I'm talking about in our own PC units,
or college in my state?
I have a recollection of it.
At some point, sir, you said it.
I suppose that's what the yet.
Well, I want to be sure about it.
If there are any of those, I'll check us first.
I know I thought him about an own PC unit in my state.
He hasn't been to see me.
I was just almost, and I started conversation with him.
I had been around here later, and then you just found what he said.
Yes, sir.
You left out the balance of it.
You said 30, you know?
I want you to be in the test, sir, if I didn't fall in about an own PC unit,
so that's my recollection.
I think you'll find it correct.
I know.
I know you're just calling on that subject, sir,
and I did not tell him on this subject.
He brought up the subject, didn't he?
Yes, sir.
That's all.
The Senate is a fellow.
That's a German.
Would it be satisfactory to use the Senate if we were to say to you our understanding you?
Let's talk about the other.
That's right, you may go, I know what I did.
Now, if anybody else is not satisfied, I want to be able to present with you.
Thank you, sir.
Any questions about a bill?
No, not about that.
I'm going to complete it.
Yes, sir.
I would like to ask the whistle.
Questions on yesterday.
Around the park in the regular order.
Sanford Jenkins, have you any questions?
No questions, Mr. Chairman.
I have no questions about sending the call and call.
Just a question, Mr. Lucas, and your general procedure.
I might have understand that the only note that you took on the call was always dealing with the so-called McCarthy County Regents,
or that you simply didn't transcribe the rest of the Missinda McCollum's call.
I think we didn't transcribe the rest of the Missinda McCollum's call because of anything to have.
Anything whatsoever to say in general.
But in your note, the full note should be there by the call.
Your third.
Yes.
Senator McCollum, you have no information that we do send to Jackson?
No, no.
No, no, no, no.
Well, they're going around the table while we have this office.
Senator Franklin, Senator procedure has been.
If you want to follow the same one, a senator has had his call, then he's...
It worked the press as him to make an exact copy, then they go to the report.
On a military statement, no point in the statement.
It's been impressed by a few in the record now.
They've been going there to the record, and they're going to be able to report.
But I have never had a copy of an incident.
Now, what about the rest?
No, eventually, we can send them back to you for you.
I have to.
You can do an air-con.
It's here, there, without all the public.
We have worked out some arrangement with the presser that they could get the message from the good of our reportage.
And they were used to get back to send the Missinda McCollum after that.
Fine.
I have sent the Jackson.
No, no, no.
I have sent the product.
No, no.
I have sent the assignment.
I have sent the version.
I have sent the brochure.
I have just two out.
Send the McCollum.
You'll be too early to ask the formal back question.
My final answer.
Thank you.
Very well.
We're going to be next to the phone calls, which will be the phone calls, which will be here at the moment.
Send the McCollum.
So we'll be...
Whichever monitor took the push call, kind of like you did, we've sent the McCollum.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I have sent the McCollum.
I take all of them.
I want one call for him.
I want to raise a point in regard to one of the members of the committee, for the
show that we've done now.
Whether...
I'm afraid to conclude if we can.
We've got all the monitoring calls that we've been following through.
The chair understands that Mr. Corwin sees it.
Mr. Corwin sees it.
I was tempted to suggest you that you conclude everybody could have been in one package.
You'd be more hurried orpole day,스가.
If you'd don't have those time with yourself to questions about Turqu初 or other things
I'd be appreciate it.
Thank you.
Thank you forache the obscene.
I'm out.
If I make Kadokő.
Byroomá deep chargers and chargers I guess you have toII me.
If I make fairs I guess you have toII me.
Neither of us, you'll be out of this.
If I see chargers and you must better understand all your reluctant we would do this
by looking at one of our firsts and the firsts.
I'm not going to listen to a star of some discussion.
I put it mild.
And here's my notification.
But here's no more room for the other way.
I'm going to go to Iovnjók.
When you get to those points, put it in some place.
There's no point in going to the other side.
You're going to go to Iovnjók.
I like that point.
I'll go to another side.
There's the conference with Mr. Raid Jenkins, the committee council,
Mr. Callman.
I'd like to appreciate if the council would read my monitor calls all of them.
So one place for their number of dashes on one side of the royal number dashes
and the other side indicating that the conversation is omitted.
So we get to that point I would like to throw in my recall that conversation of them
and number two with the chairman of one firm's picture.
I consider it a little easier to do that, but I wish it could be worth a thousand times
to do with individual of nothing, but even if they're against the system,
so it'll be pretty important to know how to know what to throw over that.
That's the number three assistant, go in and chair ahead of the roll.
The position in the sentence and the cost of your arm and the committee members
must have looked at it and take a make-the-ditch combination.
I'll continue to have this council.
Mr. Rookus, the demodentary certain telephone calls
pricing between the spectacale and the army and some of the McCarthy.
What's up? What is the date of the first room?
7 November 1973. Do you have a copy of it before you move? Yes, sir.
So you and the McCarthy do not understand the history of your design of our use this,
of the record. Mr. Rookus, I would like to ask you whether or not
the monitoring of that call is accurate or substantially so.
And does it, in your opinion, substantially complying the meaning of the conversation
pricing between the sanctions and the pricing of the second army? Yes, sir.
Do you now refer to your monitored call of November 7th and Paul Amir reading out it? Yes, sir.
Yes, sir. And if I make an error, I will ask you to stop me and correct me.
No, you're not. You're not there yet. Any questions?
Do you have two copies of that call, Mr. Rookus? No, sir. I have one. I will move them on.
7 November 19th, 52, 3, 19, pm, Sunday, MacArthur, phone, second case, fever, senator.
Bob, the dead work out all right to your satisfaction yesterday, secondary of the army,
yes, it did show. And I appreciate you taking your very broad view of the day, senator.
We both have the same interests and we both are working at the same job, take a day of the hour.
I was worried at first, but the way I'm looking, I was satisfied with it, and I want to thank you, senator.
I would like to ask you one question of favor. For God's sake, don't put savings, service, and assigning back to my committee.
When we said one, word I couldn't get away was any more than a week. The new papers would be back on us.
And you would have to send them back into uniform anyway.
Two. This thing has been running along so cleanly so far they have not been able to beat your brains out.
There's nothing the left wingers would like better. They don't like this cooperation between the committee and the army.
And the third thing they would say I asked for him. He is a good boy but there's nothing indispensable about it.
From my day today I can give up letters from that, so half a dozen letters from others who've gone for a more shape than these.
And it will be amazing if all of them need.
Uh, things.
Stunder, McCarthy has now marked this sentence and desires me to pay this to the committee for the purpose of getting their consent to the ink debt.
As well as what is the next paragraph that is underscored.
There's something kind of discussion as they sentence the senator McCarthy asked to be deleted from the text of this monitor telephone call.
There is the huddles Mr. Jenkins on the left. Senator Jackson. Right.
And Mr. Connell the right. Senator Rick Clawman. Senator Simon from the Democratic side of the table.
This is the first of the monitor telephone calls of Senator McCarthy to create an event of the seventh of the 53.
Senator asked for the deletion of one line.
Senator Johnson.
Mr. Jenkins consults with the Republican side of the table.
Heading on, Mr. Chairman.
If he could get all three games, Roy.
I understand now, it was my area. This is not the part of the Senator McCarthy, why it's still here.
If he could get all three games, Roy, it is one of the few things I have seen completely unreasonable about.
Senator Connell.
If you would press on the witness of the matter before the name Roy and after the name Roy and the deletion,
it's so I would like to add my recollection of the deletion there was.
Mr. Lucas, commit me to read this sentence again please and I ask you a question about it.
If he could get all three games, two days each is the right.
What was that indication, Mr. Lucas? In the case of Faw.
A Paws. Yes sir.
Those who are not in the queue, the truth perhaps have left out a word or a phrase. No sir.
Leaving it again, if you could get all three games, two days each, Roy. Two days each, is that correct?
Yes sir. It is one of the few things I have seen completely unreasonable about.
He thinks they should be again, I would have worked from the paint house of the wall dog.
Did I ask him, what is the name of the nation?
No, there was nothing I thought you had to find that meant the cumulative material.
I believe I justified and what I did there was you got the indication that I did not take down all of the chairlet with Saturn.
It was not able to take down all of the stuff.
I wanted to go back to the jet and we wanted to make a material.
I recall that one for the shithead.
No sir, it is not my last of the story yet.
What I believe is that the back here is just you started to throw a pattern.